calling the case of Andrew and Olivia
Baker versus the Evergreen County School
District life at Liberty High School was
bad before Hanna Baker killed herself
how is it now it's worse it's been five
months since Anna Baker killed herself
all I care about is you
isn't too happy about you going back to
school tomorrow I have to go back with
Jessica you had to leave school for a
while while she was gone the story got
totally twisted I know everything that I
need to know about you you go near the
girl you looked in her direction and I
will [ __ ] up your life
one picture never tells the whole story
the bullet went up and then in and out
of my skull and into the wall you don't
throw hunter I remember anything like a
month before this
it was the other way around I liked her
I was the one with the crush wherever we
go she's there that's that's insane is
it
[Music]
yes I will baby mrs. Miller woof what's
t-shirt what happened nothing happened
that has it happened before
[Music]
surgery it was stitches mostly we had a
deal it was a stupid deal and what can I
do you can figure out your own [ __ ]
I won't figure out mine apart
hey here's the breaking up was this list
typical of your experience at Liberty
yes
Hanna was already labeled a [ __ ] she's
the girl in tape 9 ask her I know she is
I can't ask her that Olivia it's not
relevant it's as relevant as the
pictures it shows how the boy is treated
the girls are no good if we find him
she'll have a witness she's washing her
clothes and I found your [ __ ] and I
flushed it down the toilet and Tony
thinks you might be an addict and remind
if the detox you I planted a seed for
you see now if you get called up they
already think Hannah liked you and if
she came on to you and you let her down
gently who knows what kind of Lies she
might have made up that girl's
unconscious you should show these to
someone turn him in say what I found
this Polaroid in my locker arrest him
why do you think Hannah continued
texting with Justin Justin Foley was a
bad decision we all make bad decisions
hey Jess misty here wish you were dead
but something happened between you and
Hannah Baker the summer before she took
her life what's that uh what's that okay
yeah we we had sex you can stay as long
as you need Justin but I will need to
report you being back to the lawyer's
I'm sorry it's the law that's okay I
understand
[Music]
all of those kids are responsible are
you responsible click are you
responsible for Hannah's death yes
you know about what they're out someone
posted them online
everyone listed all last night what are
you [ __ ] serious about Valerie
immediately we dealt with it and and
afterwards it wasn't a problem anymore
you or did you not take Hannah to see a
therapist mrs. Baker no I never did
you're never coming back I need to hit
the reset button so that's it so long he
just wanted his money I'm getting out of
here mom you should too
mr. Porter do you know the name of the
student that raped Hanna Baker I have
since come to learn that his name is
Baris walk you ready F three of these
there's the rest [ __ ] hey guys look
because it's Chloe in your encounter
that would have led Hannah to report
that she had been raped I I wish I knew
I would I would never do that to any
girl but I think about my mom or my
girlfriend like that the box the box
it's gone Chloe you don't remember
having sex with Breck's Walker I do
Jessica was passed out and Bryce was
standing over her and his his pants were
unzipped and she had her panties off he
raped her
I'm telling the truth Olivia Baker
versus the Evergreen County School
District find the defendant not
responsible listen you're under arrest
for felony sexual assault
excuse me deaf excuse me you can see him
at the station
Justin Foley you're under arrest by
accessory to a felony sexual assault I'm
sentencing you to three months probation
so word I'm transferring to Hillcrest
gilchrist
how does the [ __ ] did Bryce when we get
three months and you got six aren't you
pissed I guess I just wasn't surprised I
mean me and my parents want to see if
you might want them to adopt the last
time you tried to help you almost [ __ ]
up my whole plea deal yeah well none of
it came back to you I'm just gonna
believe that I didn't know about all
this [ __ ]
[Music]
we can't let him do this we have to stop
him no we need to get the [ __ ] out of
here we need to come pop please just
just I mean you do you don't want to do
this I know you don't figure it out
I swear
okay
no it's just [ __ ] up right
[Music]
you